what's this with escape artists
I never was chanted by that is
others have been when you try to
escape artists you really talk
about houdini and that a lot of
knock-offs after houdini in the
early 20th century a man born in
budapest claimed to be born in
Appleton Wisconsin which is
about all you need to know that
tells the whole story takes a
straight jacket and says his
tagline I defy the jails of the
world to hold me early part of
the 20th century and then hangs
upside down in a straitjacket
way up high literacy of people
in Times Square many of whom are
immigrants and this man
self-made man by any definition
you want casts off the chains of
anything that any corporation or
government put on him
keep on this metaphorical that's
his home isn't it and you know
that was the idea of its time
that was an idea of its time as
important as Bob Dylan singing
before Martin Luther King and I
had not thought of it i mean
it's really really very good and
the other guys come along and
said get the pick-ups balmy year
ago but that's not what's going
on there we celebrate houdini
because he grabbed the heart of
America in some ways he was the
first modern stories the first
celebrity to appear nearly nude
in public he's the first
celebrity to have descriptions
of the show's be more important
than his shows Sudanese in the
dictionary you know to pull a
Houdini me to disappear you
become a verb and we walked out
on the street right now if you
walk out there and say to people
named a magician and you asked
10 people at least one of them
and maybe seven of them will
need houdini pretty heavy you
know it's a hundred years and
that's because he was speaking
for america's heart let me just
say to yourself again I defy the
jails of the world to hold me
somebody's have you